ladies and gentlemen welcome to
Chrysler's Cathedral or Cassie's castle
or better yet to home in the number-one
football team in the country right now
you know the running through the core
there running through the car of all
into a big roadblock
hey Rosie get that are you for you're
about as subtle as a kick in the face
to Michigan and so does everybody from
coast to coast
to the coast of Lake Erie we're gonna
happen
it's
Michigan hello everybody
yes sir is finally here Michigan versus
Ohio State in football 20 minutes until
blast-off as two of the oldest rivals in
the big ten square off in the game of
the day the game of the year the game of
the decade call it what you will it
promises to be two and a half hours of
some of the most exciting football in a
hundred and four year history of man's
inhumanity to man all the blue chips are
right out there on canons carpet right
now you name it it's all here in the
hole that yo stud and it's building to a
dramatic climax this is what
intercollegiate football is all about
all morning long the caravans of cars
filled with Buckeye fans have been
pouring across the border from down
south and echoing from what each one of
those cars is the old familiar chant we
don't give a damn for the whole state of
Michigan while all of us up here in the
water Wonderland never forget that Ohio
is still a four-letter word if you
aren't girding your loins for that one
baby that's gonna be a football game
down at Columbus and then we'll play
Doctor Strange Hays down there in
Columbus Ohio and I tell you these
Wolverines can smell those roses they
can smell old Darth Vader Bruce and his
scarlet and gray star troopers you
better guard your loins you Buckeyes
because the Wolverines are coming down
there we're coming down to Columbus Ohio
with fire in our eyes
I'm blood in our hearts believe you me
love you for again we're down in the
snake pit of Columbus Ohio you know I
said at the top of the show that the day
dawns bright and clear everything has
been perfect except when we woke up this
morning which you believe as it was in
1978 no water for the entire Michigan
football family in the motel the same
motel the same excuse this morning as it
was two years ago they said one block
north of here the wire main broke we had
no water and you can't tell me that it's
just a coincidence that a water main
break and we asked the waitress at the
restaurant
this happened before she says oh yes sir
it happened two years ago last night
just before you were here before I said
doesn't that seem kind of odd that it
would happen both times that Michigan
comes down here to play oh she said are
you insinuating sir that this could be
done purposely I said your bet your
cotton-picking life I could say it's
done I'll bet the latter Meteor
Department is full of Ohio State grads
and somehow they just shut off the water
again this morning well I want to tell
you football fans across the state of
Michigan they shut off our water at five
o'clock this morning we're going to shut
off their water here when kickoff comes
up in about three or four minutes
in the second half and they match Ohio
State's ten points in the first half
I don't think I'm ever gonna love
anything more that I'm gonna enjoy
bringing you the next 60 minutes of
Michigan Ohio State football prejudiced
partial you better believe I am today
this is for everything zipper rolls on
to the right bridges off the Taylor and
Tanner for the play
but you know when they say you for your
nuts you take it too serious dick I say
to you if you spend all of your adult
life your adult football life around
Fritz Kreisler Benny bump and Bo
Schembechler you learn that foot box of
religion and Saturday is the holy day of
obligation and so we have Bo George
Patton's Schembechler scoring horn right
here and you're gonna hear it blow three
times for a touchdown two times for a
field goal and once for an extra point
big enough for the cops right going in
any
the hallmark of Michigan football under
chef Becker's defense defense defense
that's the name of the game
again 24